---
title: Tutoring Program 
href: https://ubccsss.org/node/1296
type: Story
author:
  username: Christopher Head
  link: https://ubccsss.org/user/2
date: 2012-09-13T06:06:00.000Z
---

<div class="field field-name-body field-type-text-with-summary field-label-hidden"><div class="field-items"><div class="field-item even"><p>Hi there, CPSC Students!</p>
<p>Happy New Year! Hope you all had a well rested break and are fully charged for Term 2.</p>
<p>Following the initial launch of the program last term, we would like to bring back the Tutoring Program&#x2014;part of the UBC Computer Science Student Society&apos;s Volunteering Services. Whether you need some extra academic help as a tutee or want to strengthen your computer science knowledge as a tutor, this would be the perfect program to be a part of!</p>
<p>Students taking first year computer science courses (CPSC 111 and CPSC 121) will have the opportunity to be matched with more experienced computer science students who can help them with course material and other related questions for the term. If you are interested and would like to register, please complete the attached Tutee Registration form and email it to <a href="/cdn-cgi/l/email-protection#2d595859425f6d5945484e584f48034e4c"><span class="__cf_email__" data-cfemail="037776776c7143776b66607661662d6062">[email&#xA0;protected]</span></a> with the subject line: <code>Tutee Registration - <var>Your Name</var></code>.</p>
<p>For those students who have completed CPSC 111 and CPSC 121, you are strongly encouraged to apply to be a tutor! Becoming a tutor will not only refresh your computer science knowledge and improve your leadership skills but will also provide you with a better foundation should you be interested in applying to become a TA in the future. Tutoring helps to develop both interpersonal and communication skills, which are solid sought-after assets in the work field today. Please apply by completing the attached <a href="/files/2009WT2%20Tutor%20Application.doc">Tutor Application form</a> and emailing it to <a href="/cdn-cgi/l/email-protection#b1c5c4c5dec3f1c5d9d4d2c4d3d49fd2d0"><span class="__cf_email__" data-cfemail="483c3d3c273a083c202d2b3d2a2d662b29">[email&#xA0;protected]</span></a> with the subject line: <code>Tutor Application - <var>Your Name</var></code>.</p>
<p>For tutors, applications must be received promptly by midnight before January 18, 2010. We will then send you more information regarding your interview times and tutor-tutee matchups. We also encourage tutees to send us their application as early as possible, to help us match you with your tutor and maximize the amount of help you obtain.</p>
<p>The UBC CS Tutoring Program provides an excellent opportunity to meet other students in the CPSC Department and make new friends! We hope that everyone will seize this opportunity and look forward to hearing from you all!</p>
<p>Best regards,</p>
<p>Nan Jiang<br>
Tutoring Coordinator, Volunteering Services<br>
UBC CSSS</p>
</div></div></div>    <footer>
          </footer>