---
title: SUS is hiring an IT Manager 
href: https://ubccsss.org/node/1341
type: Story
author:
  username: Christopher Head
  link: https://ubccsss.org/user/2
date: 2010-03-20T23:47:00.000Z
---


    <div class="field field-name-body field-type-text-with-summary field-label-hidden"><div class="field-items"><div class="field-item even"><p>The Science Undergraduate Society is currently hiring an IT Manager for the 2010&#x2013;2011 year.</p>
<p>The SUS IT Manager maintains an internal server, as well as all of SUS&apos; PCs and IT assets. Typical tasks include software upgrades, hardware acquisition, regular maintenance of PCs, and configuring of the ALSSC A/V room. The workload is generally low, but candidates should be prepared to, on occasion, dedicate a significant amount of time.</p>
<p>Technical qualifications:</p>
<ul>
<li>Windows XP maintenance and administration.</li>
<li>Understanding of PC hardware and peripherals.</li>
<li>Home networking experience: security, router administration, print and file sharing.</li>
<li>Ubuntu Linux server administration skills are an asset.</li>
</ul>
<p>The ideal candidate</p>
<ul>
<li>Will have some interest or experience in IT, and stays informed about new technologies.</li>
<li>Must be able to perform with limited resources and an open mind.</li>
<li>Should know when to ask for help.</li>
<li>Should be able to explain technical concepts and jargon to a non-technical audience.</li>
<li>Must have a strong sense of honesty and integrity. Quietly &quot;borrowing&quot; assets for personal use is not acceptable.</li>
<li>Must be able to handle power and privilege gracefully.</li>
</ul>
<p>This position includes honoraria, with the amount to be determined upon completion of the term.</p>
<p>The application deadline is <strong>April 1, 2010</strong>. Interested candidates should email a r&#xE9;sum&#xE9; and optional cover letter to <a href="/cdn-cgi/l/email-protection#7c0b191e111d0f08190e3c0f090f52091e1f521f1d"><span class="__cf_email__" data-cfemail="f88f9d9a95998b8c9d8ab88b8d8bd68d9a9bd69b99">[email&#xA0;protected]</span></a>, CC <a href="/cdn-cgi/l/email-protection#8eefeae3e7e0e7fdfafceffae7e1e0a0fdfbfdcee9e3efe7e2a0ede1e3"><span class="__cf_email__" data-cfemail="e58481888c8b8c96919784918c8a8bcb969096a58288848c89cb868a88">[email&#xA0;protected]</span></a> and <a href="/cdn-cgi/l/email-protection#fd9f909c939c9a988fd38e888ebd9a909c9491d39e9290"><span class="__cf_email__" data-cfemail="650708040b040200174b161016250208040c094b060a08">[email&#xA0;protected]</span></a>. Shortlisted candidates will be contacted for an interview.</p>
<p>Thank you for your interest in volunteering with the Science Undergraduate Society!</p>
</div></div></div>    <footer>
          </footer>
    